# Emotional Signals

Emotional Signals have some keys that in most of the cases are Forgotten, many others obvious and others, perfect answers that you are asking right now. The first simplified description about human existence that is the main problem to free people from this mad system, comes when they open the first door that have the key to open many other doors, and create fun solutions to give humanity the change to survive the next centuries. The philosophical concept of gods balance is older than the main actual religion of life perception, lived by more than 50% of world wide population. As I said before, there is nothing wrong to believe in one single God, but this unity make it imperfect to give humanity a balanced point of view, so they can earn and learn deep conscience, about their choices. It is not an offense to think we are "Gods", because we are an expression of God. Everything we create start in our brain as a simple symbolic illusion. Since illusions are true, because they are the root of creation, creativity is part of intelligence expression. While all that our brain express is mathmatic expressed as well, which means, any concept of spirituality is Science! Our behaviors in society are the reflected education that we will get as feedback of ours. While we talk about "education", which is all about our behaviors, we create conditions, which will create expressions! Those who are not light sensitive need to use some drugs, to gain higher and deeper conscience of reality. As I told you before, this is a peaceful message as gods believe they come in peace. This emerge of divine voices is very rare because they come into someone’s life if that one, have shamanic sensitive perceptions, and for that is needed to live in a constant flow without blocking anything from the Outside. From there, a positive path and will, is a must to survive. Odin solution is to solve social problems, because problems are solved by a constant wrongness, in this magnetic conditional world, that have no time to explore life as it should.