# Space Trip

Space Trip Abum, is about the real space description of time and space, related to space zone, but mostly related to the spiritual connection that the world is living into. Identified by many as Devil, the one who create and maintain humanity conscience balance, was the one who was out of balance, even with his own chaotic and harmony condition to survive in many life form conditions. This Angel many times represented by the one who control total darkness, is an old friend, and more than anything, he knows how important is my call. He will not help, but he will not prevent. He is getting pleasure in everything, the good and the evil at the same time, as this abstract categories are created by him self too. My message and my mission is to talk to him and to all who support his will. Even with all control they have in this reality, there is always time anomalies that escape from their perception. Because the most important life experiences are related to pleasure, and because pleasure is in many cultural society’s forbidden to talk publicly, they are really organized, and they will make us feel they know who we are, and what are their limits of acception. The way of learning how they move is through silence, and their main value is used to create trouble. Because my mission is a spiritual mission I need to use their own flaw, and with some luck, being inside and outside their community, to make a shamanic Cult to the Sun, asking for help to the ones who love, because time was running out, reclaiming the reason of my forthcoming.